well it's kind of a difficult question to answer in a precision because
that changes from time to time for instance during World War two they
were very young people who list and they look very old people and
watched because he needed people very badly but right now basically
the time limits are on the order of you must be at least seventeen
years old and then you still need parental permission until you're
eighteen to enlist in the navy and then you can list up until about
the age thirty and this varies from time to time and the services change
it from time to time depending on the requirements and the services
are different for instance the navy right now is thirty two years
the marines are twenty nine years but the statutes say you can be
in listed up to age for forty two if they need so that changes and
their exemptions made but that's because of the rain seventeen Tim thirty
it's kind of when they want you to enlist